W-21090962 Updating titles and short descriptions (latest) (#566)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/int-create-secure-configs.adoc

//LOGO (web, desktop, or both)
// include::partial$acb-ide-logos.adoc[tags="both-ides"]

> Define configuration properties to manage sensitive values, use variables instead of hardcoded strings, and configure environment-specific settings for your Mule applications.

Reviewer: Should the bullet list below be removed or modified since it's now duplicative?

Author: I'd shorten the intro to keep the specific details in the bullets for better scanning. What do you think of the suggestion?

Reviewer: OK, that makes sense. The new s/d is good.

> Define configuration properties to manage sensitive values, use variables instead of hardcoded strings, and configure environment-specific settings for your Mule applications.

Author: ```suggestion
Define configuration properties to secure and customize your Mule application configuration for different deployment environments.

```

Reviewer: Looks good!
